He has a good promotion of the test.
the advanced 0
departure between Basque and Botafogo and back
46%
I had a car
What we saw in the first half
a suspect
Mauricio Rands he goes on top of the Palmeiras team's goal of honor
complain
the offense and then it will be legal
the neymar will play within the area borges and hugo both in portals maurice
doria
the team had before the team of various diseases
after two months
it's very dangerous
the clearest penalty
the sex of the angels
frederico cardigos
saints
to climb to the team of saints is very simple
this will be a walk to the palm trees
who complicates very well but now in the club because he has a
we have to make two goals at this point
already the saints will make a great match by playing on top of the many
from firemen
the quiet
shortly afterwards, diego souza
he lost to the Saints 2-2 at the club
in this period of the crab
the fan of the palm trees with the goal